Love Love
Stop pretending
Orville is not something we can offend
Girl, you still want to buy us like this
Regret is not as good as finance
Let me give you some advice
You followed me?
I'll give you a few more days to prepare the money.
How realistic is that?
Hey, yes, yes, yes.
You look for him, you see he's still a bit pretty
Take him away with you and sell him
He can still make some money
Ok hey hey
Is it your turn to talk?
Three fucking are good enough to take away
Boss, this is the bitch who owes 5 million
We can handle it if the boss sits there.
Brother, can you praise my sister for letting go?
Let go hey hey hey
let go
It seems that the night market has acquired Australian finance
Our company was acquired by the Night Market Group
Dude, let's save some face for others
You're welcome Qiuyan
That call just now was real
I said he was fake.
Ouch, made you laugh.
These bastards are used to it
Didn't it hurt you?
No apologies